---------- General Rules Project .-----------

1. Our portal is opened for visiting everyone. To use the full range of services site, you must register.
2. Portal user can be any person who agreed to abide by these rules.
3. Each participant has the right to communicate confidential information about yourself. Therefore do not discuss financial, family and other interests of participants without the permission to do so by the participant.
4. Treatment site occurs on "you." It is not disrespectful or unfriendly sign in relation to the interlocutor.
5. Our portal - postmoderiruemy. Information placed on the site, not pre-viewed and not edited, but administration and moderators reserve the right to do it later.
6. All posts reflect the opinions of their authors.
7. Order on the portal follow the moderators. They have the right to edit, delete messages and to close subjects in their control sections.
8. Before creating a new topic on the forum, it is recommended to use search. Perhaps the question that you want to ask, has already been discussed. If you have solved the problem on their own, please write about it, with an indication of how you did it. If you want to close your topic or message, tell the moderator.
9. Create a new topic only in corresponding sections. If the topic does not fit under any of sections or you doubt the correctness of his choice - create it in section of the forum "Bulletin board".
10. Before you can post messages or use the services of the portal, you must carefully read the general rules and regulations of the department.
11. In cases of gross violations of rules, the administrator reserves the right to exclude a user from a site without warnings. Re-registration of the user in cases of removal is excluded.
12. The Administrator reserves the right to change these rules without prior notice. All changes will take effect upon publication.
13. All information and links are provided for educational purposes only and are intended to satisfy the curiosity of visitors.
14. You agree not to use this information for purposes prohibited by the Criminal Code and the rules of international law.
15. The authors of this site is not responsible for the possible use of information and links.
16. If you do not agree with the above requirements, in which case you should immediately leave the site.

---------- On the site is prohibited ---------------

1. Violate subjects of forums and sections.
2. Post, which recently were already discussed in the same forum.
3. Create the same subject in several sections.
4. Post to insipid names.
5. Use not normative lexicon, rough expressions in relation to the interlocutor, to offend national or religious feelings of interlocutors, and also to write messages capital letters.
6. Advertise. Advertising is also considered to be a reference to the advertised site, c address, or without, or a homepage in the signature.
7. Expose cracks, serial numbers to programs or already cracked programs. Also forbidden to leave links to them.
8. Write posts that do not have helpful information (flood, oftopit) in the thematic sections.
9. Discuss and condemn the actions of moderators and administrations, it is possible only in personal correspondence or in the complaint, directed the Administration Portal

---- Guidelines for creating new topics ----

1. In the title, it is desirable to summarize the essence of the matter in the report give a detailed description of the issue or message.
2. In the case of a question on the computer hardware and software, to simplify understanding of your question it is necessary to describe in detail the configuration of your computer that has been done and what specifically must be solved, ie what answer do you expect from the forum.
3. The reports may be left to link to materials or pages only for the discussion topic.
4. Need to check your messages literacy - grammar and syntax errors impede understanding of the issue and annoy participants in the discussion.
5. Do not insert forum post image wider than 500px, and larger than 50KB. Such images can be specified as a link.
6. Do not abuse the tag [Quote] - quotation, the use of quotations do not forget to cut off the excess, leaving only the essence.

Conclusion --------- ---------

1. These rules apply in all sections of the portal and forums. If you have any problems with the site, contact the project, fill out a feedback form.
2. If a party disagrees with the moderator, he can direct their protest moderator of a telegram or e-mail.
3. If the answer is the moderator you are not satisfied or has been, in your opinion is not valid, then the final instance is the portal administrator.